Docs: Add documentation on how to debug backend plugins (#64814)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/development-with-local-grafana.md

   ```

After this, you should be able to see your plugin listed in Grafana and test your changes. Note that any change in the fronted will require you to refresh your browser while changes in the backend may require to rebuild your plugin binaries and reload the plugin (`mage && mage reloadPlugin` for local development or `docker-compose up` again if you are using docker-compose).

## Run your backend plugin with a debugger

> The following method only works with a local Grafana instance and does not work with Docker for the time being.

> You can run a backend plugin and attach a debugger to it directly from your IDE. This allows you to set breakpoints and debug your backend plugin directly from your IDE of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a backend plugin and attach a debugger to it, which allows you to set breakpoints and debug your backend plugin directly from your IDE of choice.
```
Small nit to make it less repetitive

We support Visual Studio Code and GoLand out of the box, but this feature can also work with any other IDE or debugger.

> 1. Make sure you are using the latest version of `grafana-plugin-sdk-go`

Reviewer 2: maybe worth mentioning first to  `cd ` in the plugin folder

   - If not, you can update it with:
     ```
     go get -u github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-sdk-go
     ```
1. Build your plugin at least once with:
   ```
   yarn build && mage
   ```
1. Install your plugin into your local Grafana instance
1. Configure your IDE by following those instructions:

### Visual Studio Code

1. Place the following file inside `.vscode/launch.json`, in your plugin's folder, if it's not already present:

   ```json
   {
     "version": "0.2.0",
     "configurations": [
       {
         "name": "Standalone debug mode",
         "type": "go",
         "request": "launch",
         "mode": "debug",
         "program": "${workspaceFolder}/pkg",
         "env": {},
         "args": ["-standalone"]
       }
     ]
   }
   ```

1. Press `F5` to run your plugin in debug mode

> 1. Start Grafana

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Start Grafana, if it's not already running
```

> (if you re-run the configuration, the plugin will be automatically reloaded in Grafana).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: If you re-run the configuration, the plugin will be automatically reloaded in Grafana).
```

### GoLand

1. Create a new Run/Debug configuration:

   - **Run kind**: Package
   - **Package path**: your `pkg` package
   - **Program arguments**: `-standalone`

1. Run the config (with or without the debugger)

1. Start Grafana

(if you re-run the configuration, the plugin will be automatically reloaded in Grafana).

### Other IDEs

Configure your code editor to run the following steps:

1. Build the executable with debug flags
   ```
   mage build:debug
   ```
1. Run the plugin's executable (inside `dist`) with `-standalone -debug` flags
   ```
   ./gpx_xyz_linux_amd64 -standalone -debug
   ```
1. Attach a debugger to the process

Then, you can start Grafana.

### Notes

- When restarting the debug mode plugin from the IDE, it will be automatically be reloaded in Grafana
- All logs will be printed in the plugin's stdout rather than in Grafana logs

> - If the backend plugin does not serve requests after turning off debug mode, you can force reset the standalone mode by deleting the files `standalone.txt` and `pid.txt` alongside the executable, then restart Grafana

Reviewer 2: I think this is `dist/standalone.txt` and `dist/pid.txt`?

   ```

After this, you should be able to see your plugin listed in Grafana and test your changes. Note that any change in the fronted will require you to refresh your browser while changes in the backend may require to rebuild your plugin binaries and reload the plugin (`mage && mage reloadPlugin` for local development or `docker-compose up` again if you are using docker-compose).

## Run your backend plugin with a debugger

> > The following method only works with a local Grafana instance and does not work with Docker for the time being.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Note: The following method only works with a local Grafana instance and currently doesn't work with Docker.
```

You can run a backend plugin and attach a debugger to it, which allows you to set breakpoints and debug your backend plugin directly from your IDE of choice.

We support Visual Studio Code and GoLand out of the box, but this feature can also work with any other IDE or debugger.

> 1. `cd` into your plugin's folder

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Go to your plugin's folder.
```

1. Check your `go.mod` and make sure `grafana-plugin-sdk-go` is at least on `v0.156.0`

>    - If not, you can update it to the latest version with:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - If not, update it to the latest version:
```

     ```
     go get -u github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-sdk-go
     ```
1. Build your plugin at least once with:
   ```
   yarn build && mage
   ```
1. Install your plugin into your local Grafana instance

> Now that your plugin is ready to run, follow the instructions bellow for your IDE of choice

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now that your plugin is ready to run, follow the instructions bellow for your IDE of choice.
```

### Visual Studio Code

> 1. Place the following file inside `.vscode/launch.json`, in your plugin's folder, if it's not already present:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1.  If it's not already present, go to your plugin's folder and place the following file inside `.vscode/launch.json`:
```

   ```json
   {
     "version": "0.2.0",
     "configurations": [
       {
         "name": "Standalone debug mode",
         "type": "go",
         "request": "launch",
         "mode": "debug",
         "program": "${workspaceFolder}/pkg",
         "env": {},
         "args": ["-standalone"]
       }
     ]
   }
   ```

> 1. Press `F5` to run your plugin in debug mode

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Press `F5` to run your plugin in debug mode.
```

> 1. Start Grafana, if it's not already running

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Start Grafana, if it's not already running.
```

> > If you re-run the configuration, the plugin will be automatically reloaded in Grafana.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> If you re-run the configuration, Grafana will automatically reload the plugin.
```

### GoLand

1. Create a new Run/Debug configuration:

   - **Run kind**: Package
   - **Package path**: your `pkg` package
   - **Program arguments**: `-standalone`

> 1. Run the config (with or without the debugger)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Run the config (with or without the debugger).
```

> 1. Start Grafana, if it's not already running

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Start Grafana, if it's not already running.
```

> > If you re-run the configuration, the plugin will be automatically reloaded in Grafana.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> If you re-run the configuration, Grafana will automatically reload the plugin.
```

### Other IDEs

Configure your code editor to run the following steps:

> 1. Build the executable with debug flags

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Build the executable with debug flags.
```

   ```
   mage build:debug
   ```

> 1. Run the plugin's executable (inside `dist`) with `-standalone -debug` flags

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Run the plugin's executable (inside `dist`) with `-standalone -debug` flags.
```

   ```
   ./gpx_xyz_linux_amd64 -standalone -debug
   ```

> 1. Attach a debugger to the process

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Attach a debugger to the process.
```

Then, you can start Grafana, if it's not already running.

> > If you re-run the plugin executable, it will be automatically reloaded in Grafana.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> If you re-run the plugin executable, Grafana will automatically reload it. 
```

### Notes

> - All logs will be printed in the plugin's stdout rather than in Grafana logs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- All logs are printed in the plugin's `stdout` rather than in Grafana logs.
```

> - If the backend plugin does not serve requests after turning off debug mode, you can force reset the standalone mode by deleting the files `dist/standalone.txt` and `dist/pid.txt` alongside the executable, then restart Grafana

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If the backend plugin doesn't serve requests after turning off debug mode, you can force reset the standalone mode. To do so, delete the files `dist/standalone.txt` and `dist/pid.txt` alongside the executable file, and then restart Grafana.
```

> - We currently do not support debugging backend plugins running inside Docker

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- We currently do not support debugging backend plugins running inside Docker.
```
